Add deprecation warnings to tutorials (#1115)
lightly-ai/lightly: docs/source/tutorials/platform.rst

Platform
===================================

.. warning::
    **Tutorials are outdated**

>     These tutorials use a deprecated workflow of the Lightly Solution and will break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These tutorials use a deprecated workflow of the Lightly Solution and will be removed in the future.
```

Reviewer: Would do the same for the other tutorials.
